Add GCP information to existing Astro documentation (#661)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-external-services.md

To resolve DNS hostnames from your target VPC, your Cluster VPC has **DNS Hostnames**, **DNS Resolutions**, and **Requester DNS Resolution** enabled via AWS [Peering Connection settings](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/modify-peering-connections.html).  

If your target VPC resolves DNS hostnames via **DNS Hostnames** and **DNS Resolution**, you must also enable the **Accepter DNS Resolution** setting. This allows the Data Plane to resolve the public DNS hostnames of the target VPC to its private IP addresses. To configure this option, see [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/modify-peering-connections.html).

If your target VPC resolves DNS hostnames using [private hosted zones](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/hosted-zones-private.html), then you must associate your Route53 private hosted zone with the Astronomer VPC using instructions provided in [AWS Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/route53-private-hosted-zone/). You can retrieve the ID of the Astronomer VPC by contacting [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

> ## Use Workload Identity to Connect to GCP Services (_GCP Only_)

Reviewer: @jwitz Should we add Workload Identity to the top of this doc since this is an H2?

- Public Endpoints
- VPC Peering
- Workload Identity (_GCP only_)

> By default, all Deployments have [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/workload-identity) enabled. This means that you can grant your Deployment access to GCP services such as BigQuery via a service account that's automatically created by Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Astro Clusters on GCP have [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/workload-identity) enabled by default. Deployments within that Cluster assume an identity from a pool of identities that is maintained per GCP project. For each Deployment, Astronomer automatically creates a service account that can assume the permissions of that identity.
```

> To grant a Deployment access to a GCP service, you need to attach an IAM policy to the Deployment's service account. All Deployment service accounts are formatted as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To grant a Deployment access to GCP services such as BigQuery, attach an IAM policy to the Deployment service account. All Deployment service accounts are formatted as follows:
```

```text
astro-<deployment-namespace>@<gcp-project-name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

> You can find a Deployment's namespace in the Deployment view of the Cloud UI. For example, if your GCP project was called `astronomer-prod-deployment` and your Deployment namespace `geometrical-gyroscope-9932`, your service account would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the namespace of your Deployment, go to your Deployment page in the Cloud UI and copy paste the value in the **Namespace** field.

For a GCP project called `astronomer-prod-deployment` and a Deployment namespace called `geometrical-gyroscope-9932`, for example, the service account for the Deployment would be:
```

If your target VPC resolves DNS hostnames via **DNS Hostnames** and **DNS Resolution**, you must also enable the **Accepter DNS Resolution** setting. This allows the Data Plane to resolve the public DNS hostnames of the target VPC to its private IP addresses. To configure this option, see [AWS Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/modify-peering-connections.html).

If your target VPC resolves DNS hostnames using [private hosted zones](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/hosted-zones-private.html), then you must associate your Route53 private hosted zone with the Astronomer VPC using instructions provided in [AWS Documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/route53-private-hosted-zone/). You can retrieve the ID of the Astronomer VPC by contacting [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

## Use Workload Identity to Connect to GCP Services (_GCP Only_)

> All Astro Clusters on GCP have [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/workload-identity) enabled by default. Each Deployment is associated with a Google Service Account that's created by Astronomer and is bound to an identity from the fixed workload identity pool for the Google Cloud Project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Astro Clusters on GCP have [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/workload-identity) enabled by default. Each Deployment is associated with a Kubernetes service account that's created by Astronomer and is bound to an identity from the fixed workload identity pool for the Google Cloud project.
```

To grant an Astro Deployment access to GCP services such as BigQuery, you must:

> - Go to the Google Cloud Project in which your external data service is hosted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to the Google Cloud project in which your external data service is hosted 
```

> - Add the Google Service Account of your Astro Deployment to the principal of that Google Cloud Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the Kubernetes service account for your Astro Deployment to the principal of that Google Cloud Project
```

> - Bind the Deployment service account to a role that has access to your target data source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bind the service account to a role that has access to your target data source
```

> Google Service Accounts for Deployments on Astro are formatted as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes service accounts for Deployments on Astro are formatted as follows:
```

```text
astro-<deployment-namespace>@<gcp-project-name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com
```

To find the namespace of your Deployment, go to your Deployment page in the Cloud UI and copy paste the value in the **Namespace** field.

> For a GCP project called `astronomer-prod-deployment` and a Deployment namespace called `geometrical-gyroscope-9932`, for example, the service account for the Deployment would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Google Cloud project called `astronomer-prod-deployment` and a Deployment namespace called `geometrical-gyroscope-9932`, for example, the service account for the Deployment would be:
```
